Update procedures descriptions and modes according to the test results (#1155)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/procedures.adoc

| xref:reference/procedures.adoc#procedure_dbms_checkconfigvalue[`dbms.checkConfigValue()`]
| label:no[]
| label:yes[]

> | label:admin-only[] New in 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| label:new[Introduced in 5.0]  label:admin-only[]
```

|===
| Description
a|
Query the given full-text index.

Returns the matching nodes and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are:

* `skip: <number>` -- skip the top N results.
* `limit: <number>` -- limit the number of results returned.
* `analyzer: <string>` -- use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.

The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.

> An example of the `option

Reviewer: This sentence is missing its end.

|===
| Description
a|

> Query the given full-text index. Returns the matching nodes, and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

Reviewer: Let's see if we can update the code base instead. You can remove it for now.

> Query the given full-text index. Returns the matching nodes, and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Valid keys for the options map are: 'skip' to skip the top N results; 'limit' to limit the number of results returned; 'analyzer' to use the specified analyzer as search analyzer for this query.

Author: ```suggestion
```

* `analyzer: <string>` -- use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.

The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.

> An example of the `option

Author: ```suggestion
An example of the `options` map: `{skip: 30, limit: 10, analyzer: 'whitespace'}`
```

|===
| Description
a|

> Query the given full-text index. Returns the matching relationships, and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

Reviewer: the same here

> Query the given full-text index. Returns the matching relationships, and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

Author: ```suggestion
Query the given full-text index.

Returns the matching relationships and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are:

* `skip: <number>` -- skip the top N results.
* `limit: <number>` -- limit the number of results returned.
* `analyzer: <string>` -- use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.

The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.
An example of the `options` map: `{skip: 30, limit: 10, analyzer: 'whitespace'}`
```

> Valid keys for the options map are: 'skip' to skip the top N results; 'limit' to limit the number of results returned; 'analyzer' to use the specified analyzer as search analyzer for this query.

Author: ```suggestion
```

|===
| Description
a|

> Create a named node vector index for the given label and property for a specified vector dimensionality.

Reviewer: same here

> Create a named node vector index for the given label and property for a specified vector dimensionality.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a named vector index for the given label, and property with given vector dimensionality, using the given similarity function.

`vectorDimension` must be between `1` and `2048` _inclusively_.

Valid case-insensitive values for the `vectorSimilarityFunction` are:

* `"euclidean"` -- Euclidean similarity, where:
+
image::euclidean_similarity_equation.svg["The Euclidean of vector v and vector u is defined as 1 over the quantity 1 plus the square of the l2-norm of vector v subtract vector u, which exists in the bounded set of real numbers between 0 exclusive and 1 inclusive."]
+

* `"cosine"` -- Cosine similarity, where:
+
image::cosine_similarity_equation.svg["The cosine of vector v and vector u is defined as half of the quanity 1 plus the scalar product of v hat u hat, which equals half of the quantity 1 plus the scalar product of vector v vector u over the product of the l2-norm of vector v and the l2 norm ov vector u, which exists in the bounded set of real numbers between 0 inclusive and 1 inclusive."]
In the above equation, the trigonometric cosine is given by the scalar product of the two unit vectors.
+
```

> Valid similarity functions are 'EUCLIDEAN' and 'COSINE', and are case-insensitive.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Use the `db.index.vector.queryNodes` procedure to query the named index.

Author: ```suggestion
```

|===
| Description
a|
Returns the advertised bolt capable endpoints for a given database, divided by each endpoint’s capabilities.

> For example an endpoint may serve read queries, write queries and/or future `getRoutingTable` requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an endpoint may serve read queries, write queries, and/or future `getRoutingTable` requests.
```

|===
| Description
a|

> The toggle can pause or resume the secondary replication process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toggle can pause or resume the secondary replication process.
```
And update the code base with the period.

|===
| Description
a|

> List capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List capabilities.
```
Update the code as well.

|===
| Description
a|

> List the currently active config of Neo4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the currently active configuration settings of Neo4j.
```
Also update the code base.

|===
| Description
a|

> Place a database into quarantine or remove from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place a database into quarantine or remove it from it.
```
Fix it in the code base as well.

|===
| Description
a|

> Query JMX management data by domain and name. For instance, ":"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query JMX management data by domain and name. For instance, use `:` to find all JMX beans.
```
Also in the code.

[cols="<15s,<85"]
|===
| Description
a|

> With this method you can set the allocator, which is responsible to select servers for hosting databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this method, you can set the allocator that is responsible for selecting servers for hosting databases.
```
also in the code

|===
| Description
a|

> Updates a given setting value.

Reviewer: Update in the code instead.

> Updates a given setting value.

Author: ```suggestion
Update a given setting value.
Passing an empty value results in removing the configured value and falling back to the default value.
Changes do not persist and are lost if the server is restarted.
In a clustered environment, `dbms.setConfigValue` affects only the cluster member it is run against.
```

> Passing an empty value will result in removing the configured value and falling back to the default value.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Changes will not persist and will be lost if the server is restarted.

Author: ```suggestion
```
